fix(lookup): skip empty cells in approximate MATCH/VLOOKUP/HLOOKUP/XLOOKUP (HF-223) (#1697)
handsontable/hyperformula: CHANGELOG.md

- Added an Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia) language pack. [#1674](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1674)

### Fixed

> - Fixed approximate `MATCH`, `VLOOKUP`, `HLOOKUP`, and `XLOOKUP` incorrectly returning `#N/A` (or a wrong position) when the search range contained empty cells; empty cells are now skipped during approximate matching, consistent with Excel and Google Sheets. [HF-223]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed approximate `MATCH`, `VLOOKUP`, `HLOOKUP`, and `XLOOKUP` incorrectly returning `#N/A` (or a wrong position) when the search range contained empty cells. [#1697](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1697)
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

- Added an Indonesian (Bahasa Indonesia) language pack. [#1674](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1674)
- Added a `stringifyCurrency` config option that lets you plug in a custom currency formatter for the `TEXT` function. [#1145](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/issues/1145)

### Fixed

- Fixed approximate `MATCH`, `VLOOKUP`, `HLOOKUP`, and `XLOOKUP` incorrectly returning `#N/A` (or a wrong position) when the search range contained empty cells. [#1697](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1697)

> - Changed `VLOOKUP`, `HLOOKUP`, and `XLOOKUP` to return `0` (matching Excel) when the matched cell is empty, instead of a blank value. [#1697](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1697)

Reviewer: Let's consolidate them into a single entry.

```suggestion
- Fixed the behavior of `MATCH`, `VLOOKUP`, `HLOOKUP`, and `XLOOKUP` functions when the search range contained empty cells. [#1697](https://github.com/handsontable/hyperformula/pull/1697)
```
